What is virtualization?


State the types of hardware virtualization?


What is Grid Computing?


What is hardware virtualization?


Define virtual machine monitor.


What do you mean by distributed computing?


What are the major roles within SOA?


Define memory virtualization.


State any two differences between cloud computing  and grid computing.


Differentiate between full virtualization and para  virtualization.


Illustrate the CPU virtualization.


State any two responsibilities of virtual machine  monitor.


What do you mean by I/O virtualization?


What is host based virtualization?


What do you mean by hardware abstraction level of  virtualization?


State any two merits of virtualization at different levels.


What is cloud computing?


What is autonomic computing?


What are the innovative characteristics of cloud  computing?


Which are the technologies on which cloud computing  relies?


Express the levels of virtualization.


What are the service models available in cloud  computing?


State two challenges in cloud technologies.


Point out the basic operations of VM.


Show the difference between thin and thick client.


Illustrate the virtual appliances in cloud computing.


State any two characteristic of cloud computing.


State any two advantage of cloud computing.


State any two differences between autonomous and  utility computing.


What is SPI?


State any two service provider of SaaS.


What is PaaS?


Define community cloud.


State any two characteristics of SaaS.


State two differences between private cloud and public  cloud.


Why does one choose public cloud over private cloud?


Point out the role of cloud auditor in cloud.


What do you mean by Amazon Simple Storage  Service?


Differentiate name node and data node in hadoop file  system.


What do you mean by the open stack components?


State the core components of App Engine.


Briefly demonstrate the AWS architecture.


State the basic features of Amazon EC2.


State what is a bucket? What type of storage does it  provide.


State the computing services offered by the App  Engine.


List the different perspectives of cloud providers,  Vendors and Users.


What is a data store? What type of data can be stored  in it.


State the limitations of virtualization.


State any two benefits of using infrastructure as a  service.


State any two drawbacks of using infrastructure as a  service.


State any two security issues in cloud.


State any two security threats implementing SaaS.


Define security governance.


State third party risk management.


Name the layers in security architecture design.


Discuss change management.


Define VM security.


What do you mean by security awareness in cloud?


Explain data privacy.


State any two uses of application security.


What is meant by vulnerability assessment.


What do you mean by security monitoring?


State the issues in providing virtual machine security.


Outline the main services offered by AWS.


What is the use of cloud Watch in Cloud EC2?


Give some of the applications of GAE.


List the functional models of GAE.


Name the different models in hadoop framework.


Define SQS and SNS service of AWS cloud.


State the advantages of using cloud storage.


Differentiate between cloud consumer and producer.


Differentiate between service aggregation and service  arbitrage.


Show the interaction between the actors in cloud  computing.


State the types of cloud storage.


Illustrate the major activities of cloud provider.


State two characteristics of private cloud.


Identify the key features of S3.


State any two features of IaaS.


State any two benefits of using platform as a service.


State any two drawbacks of using platform as a  service.


Describe the NIST cloud computing reference  architecture.


Give the diagram of cloud computing reference  architecture.


Give the diagram of cloud computing reference  architecture.


List and discuss the principles for designing public  cloud, private cloud and hybrid cloud.


Describe cloud deployment models with neat  diagrams.


Briefly discuss the architectural design challenges of  the cloud.


Discuss the features of infrastructure as a service.


Describe in details about IaaS with examples.

	
Point out the features of platform as a service.


Discuss in detail about PaaS with example.


Describe in detail about cloud storage in detail with  example.


Explain the features of software as a service.


Discuss in detail about SaaS with example.


List out the Cloud Storage Providers.


Describe in detail with neat diagram in detail about  inter cloud resource management.


Discuss different types of resource provisioning.


Write short notes on Demand Driven Resource  Provisioning


Write short note  on Event Driven Resource  Provisioning.


Write short note  on Popularity Driven Resource   Provisioning.


List the four levels of cloud federation.


Explain in detail about security monitoring and incident  response.


Describe the secure software development life cycle  with neat diagram.


Discuss briefly about security architecture of cloud.


Give the importance of cloud computing.


List the core features of cloud computing.


Compare the three milestones which led to cloud  computing in detail.


Summarize the open challenges in cloud computing.


How does cloud computing development differentiate  from traditional software development?


Comment on REST Architechtural elements.


Give the sample REST Request-Response for creating  a S3 Bucket.


Describe in detail about the REST a software  architecture style for distributed systems.


Describe in detail about practical examples of cloud  systems exist across market segments.


Illustrate in detail about parallel and distributed  computing.


Describe in detail about cloud computing reference  model with diagram.


Illustrate the types of virtualization in brief.


Explain in detail about the characteristics and features  of SOA.


Analyze the web services interaction reference  scenario.


Explain the different phenomenon that has gained an  interest towards virtualization technologies.


Mention about virtual machine manager.


Illustrate the three major components of virtualized  environment.


Describe how the Open Solaris running on top of  Windows XP via virtual box with neat diagram.


Discuss in detail about the four levels of federation in  the cloud.


"HDFS is fault tolerant". Is it true? Justify your answer.


Illustrate XMPP and its advantages.


Examine the architecture of Google File System (GFS).


Illustrate dataflow in HDFS during file read/write  operation with suitable diagrams.

Describe the Resource Provisioning and Platform  Deployment.


Explain in detail about virtual machine creation and  management.


Express in detail about the need of IAM.


State the challenges of IAM.


What are the programming supports of Google App  Engine? Illustrate in detail about the Google File system.


Discuss about the HDFS concepts with suitable  illustrations.


Illustrate, how encrypted federation differs from trusted  federation.


How cloud federation addresses the limitations in cloud  computing. Explain in detail.


Explain in detail about Elasticity in Cloud and On-demand Provisioning.


What are the programming supports of Google App  Engine?


Analyze how the virtualization technology supports the loud computing.


Explain the technologies available for the design of  application by following Service Oriented Architecture(SOA).


Give the importance of Virtualization Support and  Disaster Recovery.


Explain the virtualization structure for Hypervisor and  Xen Architecture.


Explain the open source software software  environment- Hadoop in detail with appropriate diagram.


Classify the various ways in input splitting of map  reduce.


Briefly explain each of the cloud computing services.


It is said, ‘cloud computing can save money’. What is  your view?


Can you name some open source cloud computing  platform databases? Explain any one database in detail.


What are the advantages of Cloud Computing over the  Internet? Explain?

	
Give the architecture of P2P systems. What are the  major categories of P2P Network families?


Discuss in detail different system models for distributed  and cloud computing.


Justify the speed vs. cost relation in parallel  computing?


"Parallel computing is called tightly coupled” - explain?